add chrome.power/keep awake as an api sample (#1060)
GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples: api-samples/power/README.md

# chrome.power

This extension demonstrates the `chrome.power` API by allowing users to override their system's power management features.

## Overview

> The extension creates add a popup, that cycles different states when clicked. It will go though a mode that prevents the display from dimming or going to sleep, a mode that keeps the system awake but allows the screen to dim/go to sleep, and whatever the system's default is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension adds a popup that cycles different states when clicked. It will go though a mode that prevents the display from dimming or going to sleep, a mode that keeps the system awake but allows the screen to dim/go to sleep, and a mode that uses the system's default.
```

## Running this extension

1. Clone this repository.
2. Load this directory in Chrome as an [unpacked extension](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/mv3/getstarted/development-basics/#load-unpacked).

> 3. Pin the extension to the taskbar and click the action button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Pin the extension and click the action button.
```
